queta welcome to another annual minimum for our p3 x razer motorola this
manual is to be able to change the volume levels to our times x
because who knows why
but they came with a volume somewhat limited or very small until
times at the strongest level
and if these circus and ubs you have to take advantage
in the voice and we do not give innate that we have sea
Well, if it is a voice and you call me before working
milestones that are worth the horn we have to make it sound pretty loud
first of all
I want to thank you very much because this manual was achieved
by the users of what the world community motorola dot net
one is the user p moto
because he was the one who got the tickle and because he weighed asking
how could you
change the volume
and the other user is Juan Carlos 225 who felt the solution
thanks to them we can have our annual minimum
to change the
the volume to our profile is x
first of all
I'll leave the description of this video a league
an address to see and download the folder that we are going to use right now
download folder and buy them
then we connect our phone with the cable course of eta the
computer
we have the data transfer mode not for the reader to go
memory
you know we discussed it
i automatically
will open us
the ppe looks for comander that we have already installed previously
we enter
you already know how to cross penélope or phone
what we are going to do now is change the modify the audio do not create
what
is going to stay with a sound
with a volume level
has already determined that you can go down or go up quite the opposite
suppose I said before volume 7 went up 7
today it will be like a messi symbol that you heard the volume 13 your phone
in level 3 it will not change them at all
missives in a solid way that you can not control how they can lower it
how can they climb it
only that it is heard louder
well, we entered the folder
on your phone that knows we're
in the right menu
feet where are the files of our phone
we enter to enter the mobile
go and paste the jump to the system folder
the portfolio system we will have a chirigota
what says audio yun under
cfc
point p
Deepened that a low CFC
that file I recommend you make a copy for fernandez who returns the
phone to its original volume status
the were a copy make a folder that get 3x original sound and make
a copy before we have deleted it about writing
You already know how to make it in your folder, look for it here
created
and we copy it to that folder
since we have done that
we are going
she what is the left menu is what our pc where decompress
in the folder that we just downloaded
in the folder that we just downloaded we have the same files that say
cpc
I have come here a number 2 3 4 5 6
those are the levels of audio that we have to be able to make our
phone
I chose level 5
you can have level 4
which you choose
from the root folder because from here we can not do it we're going to
change the name
we go to the root folder where we have our
those commands
yes and in which you have chosen
given the cpc
we will remove
the number
yes then it makes me stay now it takes five holes efe that four
let's leave the
file with the name as I had it in that they were inside the phone that did not
had a number
then we change the name
and we put you moms audio and a low cpg
the account of the number that you to choose what we are going to change the name
that we take to remove the number
he painted the audio face and still under cpg
since we have done is that we have changed the name we have detected
one more with the cfg now yes we are going to copy it a great ska coman de
peace
the phone folder
whether you run in the original phone or just let
this one the screening envelopes
but we have to move I'm here that we change the name to the folder they attend
of the hotels
since we have achieved it
we closed our dog scacco Tuesday
we disconnected our greeting
I recommend restarting wait 10 15 seconds
they turn it on again
I felt it is because I really feel it is not so much listening they are going to feel
the audio difference with which our phone now has this peter x ras
Well, I'm saying goodbye to that annual minimum, I hope it worked for you
and that they are very comfortable with their modified sound
on your phone and remember all were ceased companions
devotee
and how many carlos in the number 40 of the 225 of the community
motorola world punctual we will see in the next thanks